Check if packs is dict or list. (#26012)
demisto/content: Packs/GreyNoise/ReleaseNotes/1_2_9.md

#### Integrations

##### GreyNoise

> - Fixed an issue where ***test module*** command throws exception on XSOAR8 and XSIAM envs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the ***test module*** command throws exception in Cortex XSOAR 8 and XSIAM environments.
```
